- {{query (task now)}}
  query-table:: false
-
- ## general
- DONE  does RClone serviceAccount have permissions for cloudScheduler.run? CHECKED: it should just work, as far as I can see.
- LATER Add scheduler to SAP marketing pipeline
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:00:06]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:00:13]--[2022-10-18 Tue 21:35:53] =>  01:35:40
  :END:
- NOW Remove dangling containers in europe-north1 (manually)
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-19 Wed 15:49:33]
  :END:
- LATER Set up dev environment before starting on the dashboard?
- NOW create baseline for export to Data Factory SFTP
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:21:23]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:21:26]--[2022-10-18 Tue 21:50:31] =>  01:29:05
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 21:50:43]
  :END:
	- Write SQL to get all the users with consent.
	- Add secret with salt in `shared` project.
	- Import query to `polars` and perform encryption on `coopid`
	- Export CSV with correct encoding
	- From Python: Encrypt CSV with `gpg` public key
		- Add `datafactory-publickey.gpg` to the repo
	- Upload to SFTP, manually
- NOW configure `terraform-shared` folder/workspace
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 21:01:13]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 21:01:15]--[2022-10-18 Tue 21:50:16] =>  00:49:01
  CLOCK: [2022-10-19 Wed 15:49:47]
  :END:
	- What should be shared? secrets, what else? I am not sure sharing service-accounts make sense ? (Benefit of this is one email address, no need for templating. But at the expense of wider cross-project permissions, and maybe the Coop TF module for SAs will not work for this. If so, this setup is potentially more than templating the email per project.)
- LATER make it easy to touch a file in both `test` and `production`
  collapsed:: true
	- Alternative in pure python: `bucket.get_blob(blob_name).update()` , it seems to do the same as `touch` , to update the metadata to most recent.
- LATER create a script or something that touches a file and reruns corresponding `bucket-to-bigquery` Job
  collapsed:: true
	- This should maybe be made in `datafactory-data` project.
- LATER Jinja - rename config-template.json to config.template.json.jinja.
- LATER add `pre-commit` to the repository?
  collapsed:: true
	- Seems like a nice tool, and could be a good experience to try out. Should include tools: black, flake8, spellcheck, something that checks Makefiles.
- LATER `rclone` sftp to bucket sync: add lifecycle policy for the files to delete files after some time? 2 years?
- LATER add proper logging to pipelines (not just `print`?) `print` seems to log fine though, so maybe not necessary?
- DONE check how `posten_routes` is created, how does it create `ContactUUID`?
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-19 Wed 09:41:37]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-19 Wed 09:42:00]--[2022-10-19 Wed 12:25:36] =>  02:43:36
  :END:
- ## dashboard
- LATER Make Coop øst (Alexander) work
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:26:29]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:26:57]--[2022-10-19 Wed 15:37:49] =>  19:10:52
  :END:
	- dbt: configure to read the new imported file `members-routes`
	- dbt blocker: `final_routes` should be able to filter on `s-lag` and `store`
	- Update references in dashboard. Ask Kari for the list.
- NOW grant myself permissions to configure OAuth2 via clickops
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:33:39]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:33:45]
  :END:
	- For both `test` and `production` envs
- NOW add Norsk Butikkdrift CSV to the folder `dashboard/data` and import with polars and join with API request results
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:54:41]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 20:54:43]
  :END:
- NOW parametrize OAuth2 config, so that it will fetch the right credentials for the different envs/projects
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-19 Wed 15:50:19]
  :END:
	- How can I do this by both having it working locally and in production? Use secrets in production
- LATER make function that detects a feasible starting zoom for the map.
- LATER deprecate tabs that will not be used in the first version of the dashboard.
- LATER document functions
- NOW parametrize tables queried by project.
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 21:14:04]
  :END:
- LATER add `mypy` static checks?
- LATER add some unit tests to the most important, high level functions
-
-
- ## dbt
- LATER Gammelt oppsett: ta vare på dbt docs, det holder for arkiv.
  collapsed:: true
	- Flytt til mappen `models-archive`
	- Skriv en kort, forklarende README.md
- LATER add sql-fluff linting as part of CI?
- LATER improve `dbt` setup by mimicking `offers-recommendations` setup?
- LATER use authorised views instead of viewerAccess on tables in `aadatastorage-production`?
- LATER turn on `json_logging`?
  collapsed:: true
	- https://github.com/coopnorge/offers-recommendations/blob/main/dbt/profiles.yml#L6
- LATER set up and configure auto-deployment of `dbt docs`
-
- ## pipeline-export
- DONE create a temporary table for `members-routes` (for Alexander)
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 21:33:01]--[2022-10-19 Wed 10:51:22] =>  13:18:21
  :END:
- LATER create a longer term append table with ingested-at partitions and clustering + VIEW/scheduled table to get current state.
- LATER set up alerting for all pipelines.
- LATER add intermediate steps of copying the CSV exported to Data Factory, for preserving history and making debugging easier.
-
- {{query (task later)}}